https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-25123 (#8406)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_new.adoc

Learn about what is new in the {acm-short} integrated console, which includes Search capability.

> - For `ArgoCD` `ApplicationSets`, you now can manually select *Sync* to reconcile your deployed applications and sources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Argo CD `ApplicationSet` resources, you now can manually select *Sync* to reconcile your deployed applications and sources. 
```

Reviewer: There are a few files that mention the *Sync* button:

- [Application console](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.15_stage/applications/app_console.adoc)
- [Adding reconcile options](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.15_stage/applications/reconcile_options.adoc)
- [Managing apps with Git repositories](https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.15_stage/applications/manage_apps_git.adoc)

From my perspective, it makes sense to point users to the  Application console topic.

Author: @dockerymick sure, I'll make that change. Looking at the other books, we primarily link to docs in that book. Please note, that for this Cluster release note, we're linking to an Application doc, _not_ a Console doc. 

Again, I'm fine to make that change, but didn't think that was a practice we wanted, or at least, not one we typically use.

Reviewer: That's a good point. I figured since it there is discussion about the console, that it applied. Let's not link and I will bring this to the next doc guild. Thanks Jake!

Author: @dockerymick thanks, I removed the link!

> - For `ArgoCD` `ApplicationSets`, you now can manually select *Sync* to reconcile your deployed applications and sources. For more information about the Console, see link:../console/console.adoc#console-overview[Console overview].

Reviewer 2: Link seems broken

Author: Thanks! It works in the GitHub preview version of the doc, but let me take a closer look and see if I can change the link!

Reviewer 2: It does look correct but still doesn't work on my end. I'll approve since I wouldn't know what else to change here

> - For `ArgoCD` applications and `ApplicationSets`, you now can manually select *Sync* to reconcile your deployed applications and sources. For more information, see link:../console/console_access.adoc#accessing-your-console[Accessing your console].

Author: @Randy424 it seems like the benefit of manually selecting Sync is TO reconcile their deployed applications. please correct me if I am wrong. 

additionally, is linking to the "accessing console" a good doc for users to visit to continue learning?

Reviewer 3: @jc-berger! I have one correction that should have been made on the doc issue (sorry!):

This feature now is only enabled for ArgoCD ApplicationSets. It is not enabled for individual "applications." So that may need a touch up in this text. 

As for the "accessing console"...That decision confuses me just a bit--it looks like the content in that page covers how to access the ACM console, nothing specifically related to the ArgoCD or Application features. Is the idea for doc that we should usher users towards actions that lead them to the ACM console, and this is the first step?

Author: @Randy424 thanks for your feedback! I made your change. Regarding the link, every other "what's new" entry links to a doc. so I feel obligated to do so here. Let me know what you think about linking to the overview. As you say, the intent is to lead users to ACM console, where they'll explore the Console documentation and learn more about how Console can help them.
